Fixed N+1 Build and TestResult fetch issue (#80)
iver-wharf/wharf-api: CHANGELOG.md

  ID has not been shown to have any benefits. Please refer to the
  `GET /project/{projectId}` endpoint instead. (#75)

> - Added `TestResultListSummary` field to `Build` database model. This should
>   allow us to avoid `N+1 Select` in wharf-api. (#80)

Reviewer: The implementation in `getBuilds` inside `project.go` still is a `N+1` implementation for the SQL SELECTs.

I'd say it's OK for now, especially as users typically query at most 10 builds at a time, but I'd suggest changing this phrasing

```suggestion
- Added `TestResultListSummary` field to `Build` database model. This allow you
  to avoid `N+1` HTTP requests when listing builds to show test summaries. (#80)
```
